[Music]
the film starts by showing a prison its
system is very mysterious
and its building comprises almost 100
floors then the kitchen of this prison
is also viewed where many chefs are
making a variety of tasty foods that it
was the good point of this prison
let's tell you how good this is now the
prisoner used to live on each floor
according to their punishment
and the food used to serve them on a
platform the serving of that food used
to start from the top floor and it
gradually moves down
the prisoners of each floor had only two
minutes to eat that food.let's talk
about the two prisoners who are the
major characters of this movie and they
are imprisoned in cell number 48 that
their names are
trying acai and goring the platform of
food has been set
and it had reached their floor 48 while
descending
trying says to goring eat as much as you
can feed yourself
when goring glimpses that platform of
the food he feels awkward because the
food has been spread on it
because the prisoners of the upper floor
had attacked the food dots so
goring only takes an apple from it while
try mega ci
takes much food dot as the platform of
food descends then their cell
temperature
begins to increase that in fact trimesti
had preserved some food from the
platform while eating which was against
the law and
orders and their cell was heated to
punish them
now this temperature may not be
moderated until they return the food or
die dot it is seen that
goring is unique from the other
prisoners because he is not a criminal
but an educated person that he himself
came in the prisoner to get rid of the
addiction of smoking
otherwise he had also brought a book
along with him
he had to get the certificate in return
the next day it again happens as such
that platform moves to their floor
trimegasai fills his stomach soundly
but goring does not get up from his
place because he was not habitual to eat
the left food
try megasai asks him what is the issue
with you
why do you not take food just ask from
the ground floor prisoners
what do they face when they don't get
food i have also spent a month
as it is and my condition had turned to
worst
goring also disliked it that the upper
floor prisoners don't leave the food for
the bottom floor prisoners dot so he
attempts to contact the upper floor
prisoners
kindly eat less and also care about the
bottom floor prisoners
but the upper floor prisoners were very
rude and they overlook his request
and the bottom floor prisoners used to
be dead because of not attaining the
food
then they come to know that a prisoner
has committed suicide
then try megasai informs gorjun that it
is routine wise
happening here try miguesa tells me that
my cellmate has died when i did not get
the food then i quench my appetite
eating him the time of the food delivery
is approached as they are talking and
that platform begins to move upward
but a girl is also seated there
gordon asks her what happened
do you need any help trying
advises gordon leave her it is her
routine
she acts the same each month actually
her child has died and she peeps on each
floor to search for him and she also
does not allow anyone to live in her
cell
because it was her aspiration to have
her kid when that platform is descending
with the seated girl then the prisoners
of cell 49 begin to tease her and that
girl named maharu
kills those two prisoners and she again
sits back on the platform
in the same way the time continues to
pass month has passed for
goring that he came to this prison
trimesai
and goring had befriended closely
sometimes it used to happen that the
platform moves upward speedily dot so
the upper floor prisoner quenched their
appetite and the bottom floor prisoners
left hungry the time it descended
so it happened that the platform started
to move from the bottom to the upper
floor
and there left no food until it reached
the upper floor dot so the upper floor
prisoners either died with starvation or
commit suicide
one day try magazine and gordon
are sleeping then they come to know that
the drug has spread everywhere to knock
them out and it occurs when there is a
requirement to change their cell
now they start to wish their cell may be
selected in the middle of the building
floor
because the prisoners in the cell amid a
building were at advantages
they could get a little food either the
food platform descends or ascends
sometimes the bottom floor prisoners
were at risk and sometimes the upper
floor
prisoners they notice waking up that
they are on building floor number 141
dot
and goring finds himself tied
trying says moving towards him these are
days when the food platform ascends
the food platform will have been emptied
when it reaches there because we are in
the cell of 141 that you are thinking
why have i tied you so listen i may eat
you with the passage of days
feeling appetite trimaguesai is
appearing very wild here.3 days are past
here
trimaguesai is feeling appetite here
that it is obvious that
goring is also feeling hunger but
everyone's power of tolerance is
different from others including how
good-hearted he is
gorjun never thought that he may quench
his appetite while cutting off
trimagisai
while trying had already thought about
it now he begins to cut the flesh of
goring as he feels appetite goring
shouts then miharo appears they're
seated on the platform and she rescues
goring being free he kills
trimaguesai miharo
starts to eat the flesh of trimagisai
coming there
she also asks goring to eat it
now they eat this flesh for many days
because they had to spend the whole
month in some way even though
trimaguesai's dead body was worsened
the insects had bread in his flesh but
gorjun begins to eat his flesh a little
bit to survive
at last this month is also passed
then it is seen that gordon knows after
waking up that he is on building level
33 that at this time
his cellmate is a lady and she has also
a dog with her and this lady herself had
come into this prisoner as
goring had arrived. so she may learn to
eat while sharing
getting the experience of the
circumstances of this prison
actually this lady is part of management
who had interviewed goring
before his entry into the prison then it
is seen that the food is delivered and
goring takes food filling his stomach
but that lady serves her dog
a little food and she eats nothing so
the prisoners on the bottom floor may
take food
easily when the platform of food
descends to the bottom floor then the
men
on that floor are the worst they eat
food voraciously that lady asks them
what is the problem with you why do you
not leave food for the bottom floor
prisoner
but they don't act upon her said words
one day goring says to them i will make
all food filthy
if you don't leave the food so you will
also not be able to eat this food. so
the prisoners on the bottom floor agree
with them done in this way
the food begins to leave behind a little
bit as a result
the prisoners of the bottom floors had
started to survive
eating it then it is seen that the same
girl miharo
arrives on that platform she kills the
dog of that lady
consequently a dispute is started
between both ladies
now that lady whose dick has been killed
she says to goring
maharu is insane she has no child and
her mental balance has disordered
coming here dot don't be entrapped by
her
now goring asks his cellmate lady why
have you come here
then she tells i am suffering from
cancer disease that it cannot be cured
and i will soon die dot in the same way
this month is also passed.goring cell
number was required to change
this building has not only 100 or 200
floors dot it is known that this
prisoner has many building floors which
cannot be counted
now they are on the 202 building floor
goring notices that his cellmate lady
has hanged herself
here goring begins to suffer the
hallucination it means
he visualizes that his cellmate tells
him coming there that i commit suicide
so you may survive
eating my flesh but goring was not
willing to eat her because she was a
very decent woman
moreover she was also suffering from
cancer
goring is feeling very appetite
because the food was not being delivered
to the building cell 202 that he begins
to eat the pages of his book reluctantly
but he moves to the dead body of that
lady when his appetite is not quenched
and he starts to eat her
similarly this month is also passed now
he awakens on
building floor six that his cellmate is
a man at this time and he has a rope
that he tells
goring i will move to the top upper
floor and i will escape
using this rope but its implication is
not too easy
everyone begins to tease him instead of
helping but goring
saves him and says to him stop
we will move together on the platform
for a few days that we ourselves will
deliver the food to all little by little
so the food may be left for everyone
and they begin to carry it out when they
are moving on a day
it is seen on the building floor that
some prisoners are trying to kill that
girl
miharu goring immediately kills those
prisoners
reaching there and he rescues me
meanwhile goring is also very injured
miharu had already been injured after
being beaten. so she dies here
now that insane girl maharu was also no
more
they again ride on the platform now
platform descends beyond their thought
just think about where the last floor is
there they observe that a girl is hidden
under a bed
this little girl is not anyone else but
the daughter of umaharu
there is still left the little food to
them a very little
because goring cellmate has preserved
for him
goring serves that food to that little
girl and he descends that it is seen
coming downward that goring cellmate has
died they had also wounded when they
were rescuing kamiharu
afterward that man's wounds had bled a
lot
then it is seen that goring has also
made that little girl sitting on that
platform
now that platform is descended to the
bottom but try migusai
glimpses him as he moves downward who
says to goring
you have passed your trial actually
it was the hallucination of goring to
see try mega
this platform will ascend back and this
little girl will remain here
people mostly lose their courage look at
this little girl
how cute she is you descended due to
but we were unaware of it but it was
unknown that goring
may survive in the basement or not
because this building was very
complicated
no one knew the exit the ending of this
movie is unseen
it is rather told that little girl again
descends
the movie ends in this scene
thanks for watching